# ItemSync 2.0 test1 pre-release
Main purpouse of application is keeping item.dbc up to date with database item data.

Supports:
* Client - 3.3.5 (in theory should work for everything between 3.0.3 and 5.4.7 though)
* Emu - TC2 release 335.63 (and probably most of if not all previous releases, and most of if not all of other emus as well, as long as they use MySQL)
# Usage
Provide application with your Item.dbc, fill in connection information. For most of users leaving StartID and EndID in default values and leaving all 3 options mentioned below (next to DO STUFF!!! button in UI) checked will be fine.

You can choose range of IDs tool will work with, in case you (for whatever reason) don't want it to work with all items in existence. You can use Test connection to check wheter connection information you provided is OK. You can use Save settings to make your current settings be default on next app's startup. You can also use Check for changes, in case you want to know how many mismatches between database and DBC currently exist in given range of IDs.

You can also choose which operations are to be done next to DO STUFF!!! button.:
* Create new in DB - Items in DBC, which are missing in DB, will be inserted into DB.
* Create new in DBC - Items in DB, which are missing in DBC, will be inserted into DBC.
* Update existing in DBC - Items in DBC, which don't match their DB counterparts, will get updated.

# Customization via config
This part can be ignored by everyone who doesn't have compatibility issues with his emulator's database, or who isn't unhappy with default values set to items generated by this tool.

If you want to change the way application behaves when generating items from DBC without touching actual code, you need to modify SQLConfig.xml. In ColAssociations part, do NOT edit names of elements placed there. Only change names of columns (inner texts (content) of elements) in case your emu is not compatible with tool because of mismatching column names in database.

You can also change values and add elements under element DefaultValues. For every single element in this part, value provided in its inner text will be inserted into field specified by element's name. By default, only Name of generated item is set (ItemSyncGeneratedItem is used), other item values in database are left to be set by default values in table's structure.
